Hello, and welcome to my course,
Best Practices for Effective Requirements Gathering. I'm
Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight,
and I will be presenting the module, The Value of Requirements.
I will start with a brief introduction and describe the key
learning objectives to set the stage for the course.
Then I'll jump into the first module, the value of requirements.
Also, since this is an intermediate course,
I will assume you have some requirements analysis understanding,
and this course will add and build upon your existing knowledge.
The toughest part of requirements development isn't the act of documenting what
the users need, but is the process which results in helping users discover that
what they need provides business value. I believe that everything we do as
analysts is aimed at adding business value.
We can break down the process we use into these high‑level chunks.
You first gather candidate requirements by doing a variety of tasks,
like interviewing users, reviewing existing systems,
meeting with executives to understand the vision, and so forth.
Next, you specify, that is, document those requirements into some form and shape,
such as documents by using Word or Excel, wikis is like Confluence,
workflow tools, and maybe even developing basic mockups of screens
or pages, to name just a few mediums.
Next,
you analyze those requirements within the context of your vision or mission
statement as a backdrop. Every analysis task or project is conducted somewhat
differently, based on that context. Lastly, recommend.
That's an important element of our jobs,
since users may want the world, but by providing recommendations
and options with pros and cons, estimates, and your experience and
judgment, will all help in focusing the users to the best value
proposition for the business.
The requirements analysis context, that is,
you're going to gather, specify,
analyze, and recommend within the context of the following:
requirements development for a new system or product,
such as developing a new vehicle ordering system for a major motorcycle company
or requirements development for business unit. For example,
this business unit is responsible for product engineering,
such as developing and integrating the company's engineering systems with
other up and downstream suppliers and partners, quite broad,
complex, and certainly encompassing multiple systems.
Lastly, requirements development for an entire enterprise.
These would be very large and strategic requirements,
such as Facebook acquiring Instagram.
Can you imagine the requirements developed to accomplish that activity? We will
discuss these and provide examples within these contexts.
It is very important to understand the requirements analysis from
each of these perspectives. Requirements development is challenging
and hard work but extremely rewarding.
I truly enjoy helping customers discover value,
and that is very rewarding to me.
Requirements are not just laying around,
waiting to be scooped up like candy on an Easter egg hunt.
Requirements reside in a multitude of places, legacy systems,
artifacts, executives, users, suppliers and customers, to name but a few.
And most importantly, they reside in the minds,
hearts, and souls of everyone you encounter.
That is why I have an entire module on relationships.
Now, that is where the fun happens.
I have a blast doing this, and here's why.
Why is this so fun, you ask?
Well, you get to meet and interact with a broad variety of people,
from company leaders, to people doing the real work, and everyone in between.
Since I like working closely with people,
I love it. Understanding new and innovative business endeavors.
I started my career in highly technical positions, and over
time preferred more people‑oriented positions,
which led me to appreciate business in addition to technology.
The reward of adding value to the business, that is, making a
real difference to an organization, is great.
A successful business provides career opportunities for the
employees and in turn adds value to their customers and better
enables a company to be socially responsible.
So think about yourself for a moment.
Where are you on the scale of fun?
Work is hard enough to not be having some fun at it.
First, why are you here right now watching my course?
Maybe you are a new analyst and you want to discover more about your role,
or you are currently an analyst but ready to learn more. Not sure where
to grow next your skills as an analyst? Maybe you are wondering what
other tools or methods you could explore? Looking for guidance and career
planning? Maybe diving deeper into the world of the business analyst will
help you better decide the direction of your career, and we are going to
look at requirements development in the broader enterprise perspective as
well.
Are you wondering if there's a role for a business
analyst in a more agile world?
Well, absolutely.
Or are you just plain curious? If you can relate to one or
more of these questions or are looking to improve your
skills, then this course is for you.
Here are the course topics.
The value of requirements, relationships: the secret to successful requirements,
the evolution of requirements gathering, gathering
requirements for a new product, gathering requirements for a business unit, and,
lastly, gathering requirements for the enterprise.
And lastly,
we will summarize the entire course by discussing key learning objectives.
Though this course applies to business analysis in any business context,
this course is more geared to the development of computer systems, applications,
etc.
From time to time, you will see a POV, or point of view slide.
These slides will provide you with my personal comments,
my guidance on the topic, my on‑the‑ground insights,
my recommendations based on my experiences,
real‑world context, my opinions and beliefs, my perspectives.
I hope they are insightful and helpful to you, as they will provide some
color and depth in supporting the topics discussed.
Here are the key learning objectives of this course. To
enhance your business analysis skills,
approaches, and techniques in order to advance your essential
requirements gathering capabilities and practices.
Specifically, the course will focus on tools,
approaches,
processes, and guidance on the art and science of gathering quality requirements.